Update README and CONTRIBUTING to reflect new CUDA requirements (#19138)
rapidsai/cudf: README.md

Author: Done

### CUDA/GPU requirements

> * CUDA 12.0+
> * NVIDIA driver 525.60.13+

Reviewer: The build team has said for a long time that we want to stop listing driver requirements and instead do this:
```suggestion
* CUDA 12.0+ with a compatible NVIDIA driver
```
